{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11800\viewh12500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Paddle Mount\
\
We wanted to be able to control the angle of the ping-pong paddle as we hit the ball, so we needed to design a mount for the paddle that would allow a servo to rotate it. We used a Hitec HS-322HD servo, a very common hobby servo. We did not want the servo to be subjected to shear forces from the paddle, so our mount needed to constrain the paddle\'92s position, and only allow it to rotate. We decided the best way to do this would be to encase the servo\'92s handle in a cylinder, and then let that cylinder rotate within another cylinder. The first cylinder evens out the surface of the handle, and then the second constrains its motion to just rotation.\
\
The inner mount was made in two halves so that we could simply screw each half into the handle. See Figure [] for images of all the parts. The servo mounts right in line with the paddle, and directly drives its rotation. Once the servo is attached to the mount, the paddle simply slides into the mount and connects to the servo. We included two holes through the mount to allow a faceplate to be attached after the paddle is slid in, to stop the paddle from sliding out when the robot rotates. However, we did not have long enough screws or threaded rods to attach such a faceplate, so we instead ran some zip ties across the face to secure the paddle.\
\
The mount had to fit in a very tight area, so to avoid having to go through many iterations as we discovered clearance issues, we made a mock model of our robot that included everything we thought could be a clearance issue. The mock robot model is shown in wireframe in Figure [], with the inner mount in green, the outer mount in blue, and the servo in red. This assembly allowed us to successfully design the mount on our first try.}